The Joe Rogan experience.
So I, when I've started, I've moved to, uh, actually I have a story with you.
Yeah. About first starting. Oh,
you were responsible for basically the first time I ever went on stage. Uh,
I mean almost in a comedy. I think zany,
Chicago might have been the first actual club I went to is either that or the
comedy store. So I was friends with, uh, a buddy mine, Josh baker.
He was in the band prom Kings. Do you remember a band? I think. Sure. Yeah.
Yeah. And so we came out to LA to stay,
hang well with him and he, uh, and so they knew you.
And so this is, I mean,
I think it's 2003 or four and I I've been to a comedy maybe a year.
And so we come out and then we, you invite us to the show at the comedy stores.
So we come watch you, we sit in the front row. I remember all this stuff.
That's like a nightmare is a comedy. Now, when you think back then,
I didn't care.
Had you been thinking about doing it already?
I already started, I moved to Chicago. So I was in,
I was in Chicago with like Hannibal and Pete Holmes and TJ Miller.
And Cammel like, that was kind of the group that was in Chicago. So I,
we went from Chicago to LA to go, just visit. And so we hung out with them.
We go to your show, you introduced them at one of their shows.
Cause I guess you were good friends with these people or with the,
with the band or you like this band.
And so you introduced 'em and I remember I talked to you afterwards. Like I,
we were like at this show and I'm like talking about comedy.
I'm trying not to be, I I'm new. So I don't even really know what to ask.
You were very, very nice. And then, uh, we go watch you,
and then you said you gonna go up at the comedy store. And I was like,
it was when you gotta sign up for the open mic the week later.
So you signed up for the Monday to go up the next week. And I was like, well,
I was like, I'm not gonna be here. And uh, you go, oh, I'll call.
And then out me on stage, you called and said, Hey,
he's just in town doing this. I mean, dude, I'm a year comic. Look at this.
It worked out, it worked out <laugh> dude. They brought me up. They go, uh,
this next comics, uh, one of Joe Rogan's best friends <laugh> they were,
I mean, other comics were just furious and I'm like, I don't, I was like,
we met him last night. He's a very nice guy.
That's a funny thing, man. The,
those little like nudges and like, uh,
little pieces of good like, uh,
like criticism or good, you know, a,
a praise from a comic when you're starting out. Like that could go so far,
so far. So from, I remember to this day, like, uh, Lenny Clark,
I I'd done standup.
I'd done it for like a year and I'd gotten paid one time before this is the
second time I ever got paid. And I opened up for Lenny Clark in Pittsfield,
Massachusetts. This was after.
I think I've done this show really gig.
Yeah. Is it Jay's Jay's and Pittsfield?
Was it in a hotel? Um, I.
Don't think so.
I've done a Pittsfield.
Massa. Oh, it was a, like a nightclub. Mm. And it was,
it was like one of the best road gigs. Like everybody get,
it was a three hour drive from Boston,
but it was one of those road gigs where everybody would get excited.
And this was after Lenny had been on HBO. He was on the Ronnie Dangerfield,
young comedian, special Ronnie, whatever Ronnie called it. And so see,
just being around him was crazy. And then opening for him was even more crazy.
And then after I got off stage, he was like, kid. You're really funny.
Like with that crazy Boston accent and man that powered me through like
years for through years, I was GE I was like, oh man. And I'm doing this,
like I'm, I'm never quitting now. Like Lenny Clark said, I'm funny. I'm.
I'm good. It's the, it's the it's gigantic. Yeah.
Like that was you doing that at that time? A, I,
I knew the comedy store, but it's not like I even really,
and then it was like going to New York and then be like,
I've already done the comedy store at, even though it open mic, it was just,
I saw the world and I gotta see the world. And then talking to you at that, uh,
the band you were just talking about going up and like, you gotta go up like,
you know, stuff that you would say to comics, but right.
It was like stuff that I didn't know at that time. And you realize, you know,
that, that that's enormous. Yeah. That's enormous. I did that.
Pitfield mask gig. Uh, I, cuz I was in New York,
opened up for Tony V. Oh I love Tony V. Yeah. And they,
I was, the host got paid 500 bucks. It was crazy. Like I was like, this is CRA,
I've never been paid 500 bucks for a gift. Right. It's packed, sold out.
I mean you just murder. And I thought maybe it wasn't a hotel.
I don't remember my wife foot with me. It was a big night.
They gimme 500 bucks cash. I end up later on the night I lose the $500. Oh no,
it just falls out. Why?
So the night goes from this amazing night with my wife for 500 bucks to now
we're in a fight. And uh, I, and but I mean,
I still think I tell her every day I cause at the time I was like,
you ever gonna remember this $500? Like I was gonna live the by that motto,
like I'll get another $500. I bring it up still. I mean,
it's been 15 years and I still just go, you remember that $500?
Like just to make that point, <laugh>.
Catch new episodes. The Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including lips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new area episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.